--- org.skife.config.TestArrays::testClassDefault
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Don't know how to handle a '[Ljava.lang.String;' type for value 'one, three, two'
	at org.skife.config.Bully.coerce(Bully.java:88)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.buildSimple(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:159)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.internalBuild(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:73)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.build(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:52)
	at org.skife.config.TestArrays.testClassDefault(TestArrays.java:31)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- org.skife.config.TestArrays::testAbstractClassDefaultNull
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Don't know how to handle a '[Ljava.lang.String;' type for value 'null'
	at org.skife.config.Bully.coerce(Bully.java:88)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.buildSimple(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:159)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.internalBuild(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:73)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.build(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:52)
	at org.skife.config.TestArrays.testAbstractClassDefaultNull(TestArrays.java:63)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- org.skife.config.TestArrays::testInterface
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Don't know how to handle a '[F' type for value '1.0, 2.0'
	at org.skife.config.Bully.coerce(Bully.java:88)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.buildSimple(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:159)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.internalBuild(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:73)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.build(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:52)
	at org.skife.config.TestArrays.testInterface(TestArrays.java:47)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- org.skife.config.TestArrays::testInterfaceDefaultNull
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Don't know how to handle a '[Lorg.skife.config.TestArrays$TestEnum;' type for value 'null'
	at org.skife.config.Bully.coerce(Bully.java:88)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.buildSimple(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:159)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.internalBuild(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:73)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.build(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:52)
	at org.skife.config.TestArrays.testInterfaceDefaultNull(TestArrays.java:71)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- org.skife.config.TestArrays::testAbstractClassDefault
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Don't know how to handle a '[Lorg.skife.config.TestArrays$TestEnum;' type for value 'TWO, ONE'
	at org.skife.config.Bully.coerce(Bully.java:88)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.buildSimple(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:159)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.internalBuild(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:73)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.build(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:52)
	at org.skife.config.TestArrays.testAbstractClassDefault(TestArrays.java:39)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- org.skife.config.TestArrays::testClassDefaultNull
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Don't know how to handle a '[I' type for value 'null'
	at org.skife.config.Bully.coerce(Bully.java:88)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.buildSimple(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:159)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.internalBuild(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:73)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.build(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:52)
	at org.skife.config.TestArrays.testClassDefaultNull(TestArrays.java:55)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- org.skife.config.TestCollections::testAbstractClassDefaultNull
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Don't know how to handle a 'java.util.Set' type for value 'null'
	at org.skife.config.Bully.coerce(Bully.java:88)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.buildSimple(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:159)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.internalBuild(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:73)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.build(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:52)
	at org.skife.config.TestCollections.testAbstractClassDefaultNull(TestCollections.java:75)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- org.skife.config.TestCollections::testClassWithCollectionDefault
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Don't know how to handle a 'java.util.Collection' type for value 'one, three, two'
	at org.skife.config.Bully.coerce(Bully.java:88)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.buildSimple(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:159)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.internalBuild(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:73)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.build(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:52)
	at org.skife.config.TestCollections.testClassWithCollectionDefault(TestCollections.java:43)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- org.skife.config.TestCollections::testClassWithListDefault
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Don't know how to handle a 'java.util.List' type for value 'one, three, two'
	at org.skife.config.Bully.coerce(Bully.java:88)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.buildSimple(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:159)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.internalBuild(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:73)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.build(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:52)
	at org.skife.config.TestCollections.testClassWithListDefault(TestCollections.java:35)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- org.skife.config.TestCollections::testInterface
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Don't know how to handle a 'java.util.LinkedHashSet' type for value 'one, two'
	at org.skife.config.Bully.coerce(Bully.java:88)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.buildSimple(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:159)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.internalBuild(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:73)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.build(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:52)
	at org.skife.config.TestCollections.testInterface(TestCollections.java:59)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- org.skife.config.TestCollections::testInterfaceDefaultNull
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Don't know how to handle a 'java.util.List' type for value 'null'
	at org.skife.config.Bully.coerce(Bully.java:88)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.buildSimple(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:159)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.internalBuild(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:73)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.build(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:52)
	at org.skife.config.TestCollections.testInterfaceDefaultNull(TestCollections.java:83)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- org.skife.config.TestCollections::testAbstractClassDefault
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Don't know how to handle a 'java.util.Set' type for value 'TWO, ONE'
	at org.skife.config.Bully.coerce(Bully.java:88)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.buildSimple(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:159)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.internalBuild(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:73)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.build(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:52)
	at org.skife.config.TestCollections.testAbstractClassDefault(TestCollections.java:51)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- org.skife.config.TestCollections::testClassDefaultNull
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Don't know how to handle a 'java.util.List' type for value 'null'
	at org.skife.config.Bully.coerce(Bully.java:88)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.buildSimple(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:159)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.internalBuild(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:73)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.build(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:52)
	at org.skife.config.TestCollections.testClassDefaultNull(TestCollections.java:67)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- org.skife.config.TestEnums::testAbstractClassDefaultNull
java.lang.NullPointerException: Name is null
	at java.lang.Enum.valueOf(Enum.java:236)
	at org.skife.config.TestEnums$TestEnum.valueOf(TestEnums.java:74)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.skife.config.DefaultCoercibles$10$1.coerce(DefaultCoercibles.java:133)
	at org.skife.config.Bully.coerce(Bully.java:91)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.buildSimple(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:159)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.internalBuild(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:73)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.build(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:52)
	at org.skife.config.TestEnums.testAbstractClassDefaultNull(TestEnums.java:61)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- org.skife.config.TestEnums::testInterfaceDefaultNull
java.lang.NullPointerException: Name is null
	at java.lang.Enum.valueOf(Enum.java:236)
	at org.skife.config.TestEnums$TestEnum.valueOf(TestEnums.java:74)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.skife.config.DefaultCoercibles$10$1.coerce(DefaultCoercibles.java:133)
	at org.skife.config.Bully.coerce(Bully.java:91)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.buildSimple(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:159)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.internalBuild(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:73)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.build(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:52)
	at org.skife.config.TestEnums.testInterfaceDefaultNull(TestEnums.java:69)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- org.skife.config.TestEnums::testClassDefaultNull
java.lang.NullPointerException: Name is null
	at java.lang.Enum.valueOf(Enum.java:236)
	at org.skife.config.TestEnums$TestEnum.valueOf(TestEnums.java:74)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.skife.config.DefaultCoercibles$10$1.coerce(DefaultCoercibles.java:133)
	at org.skife.config.Bully.coerce(Bully.java:91)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.buildSimple(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:159)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.internalBuild(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:73)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.build(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:52)
	at org.skife.config.TestEnums.testClassDefaultNull(TestEnums.java:53)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- org.skife.config.TestFile::testAbstractClassDefaultNull
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at java.io.File.<init>(File.java:279)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(NativeConstructorAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.newInstance(DelegatingConstructorAccessorImpl.java:45)
	at java.lang.reflect.Constructor.newInstance(Constructor.java:423)
	at org.skife.config.DefaultCoercibles$11$1.coerce(DefaultCoercibles.java:175)
	at org.skife.config.Bully.coerce(Bully.java:91)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.buildSimple(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:159)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.internalBuild(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:73)
	at org.skife.config.ConfigurationObjectFactory.build(ConfigurationObjectFactory.java:52)
	at org.skife.config.TestFile.testAbstractClassDefaultNull(TestFile.java:48)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:47)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:12)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:44)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:17)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:26)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:27)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:271)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:70)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:238)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:63)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:236)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:53)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:309)
	at junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter.run(JUnit4TestAdapter.java:38)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:520)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
