## rtree: 14fd4d1e62c4354ab9d11fbf76a02950887c12ea ##
--- com.github.davidmoten.internal.operators.OperatorBoundedPriorityQueueTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.internal.operators.OperatorBoundedPriorityQueueTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.BackpressureTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.BackpressureTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.BenchmarksRTree
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.BenchmarksRTree
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.ComparatorsTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.ComparatorsTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.ContextTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.ContextTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.EntriesTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.EntriesTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.FactoriesTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.FactoriesTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.GalleryMain
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.GalleryMain
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.GreekEarthquakes
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.GreekEarthquakes
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.ImageSaverTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.ImageSaverTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.KryoSerializationTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.KryoSerializationTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.LatLongExampleTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.LatLongExampleTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.LeafTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.LeafTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.Mbr
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.Mbr
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.NodePositionTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.NodePositionTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.NonLeafTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.NonLeafTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.OnSubscribeSearchTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.OnSubscribeSearchTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.QuadraticSplitterTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.QuadraticSplitterTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.RTreeTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.RTreeTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.SerializerHelperTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.SerializerHelperTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.SerializersTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.SerializersTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.SplitterRStarTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.SplitterRStarTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.StringSplitTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.StringSplitTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.UtilTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.UtilTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.Utilities
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.Utilities
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.fbs.FlatBuffersHelperTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.fbs.FlatBuffersHelperTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.fbs.SerializerFlatBuffersTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.fbs.SerializerFlatBuffersTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.geometry.CircleTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.geometry.CircleTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.geometry.GeometriesTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.geometry.GeometriesTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.geometry.IntersectsTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.geometry.IntersectsTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.geometry.LineTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.geometry.LineTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.geometry.PointTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.geometry.PointTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.geometry.RectangleTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.geometry.RectangleTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.internal.LeafHelperTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.internal.LeafHelperTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.internal.NonLeafHelperTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.internal.NonLeafHelperTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.internal.util.BoundedPriorityQueueTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.internal.util.BoundedPriorityQueueTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.internal.util.ImmutableStackTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.internal.util.ImmutableStackTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
--- com.github.davidmoten.rtree.internal.util.ObjectsHelperTest
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com.github.davidmoten.rtree.internal.util.ObjectsHelperTest
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:351)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
